alright guys what's going on team art
here and today we're playing our first
game of called Diddy ghosts on the next
gen consoles how crazy is that it's
finally here guys well my net type is
strict we're gonna have to figure that
out but we'll see if we can hop in a
game here I'm excited we're playing the
ps4 it's launch night
it's 256 in the morning but but I'm
ready to play some coal today I want to
see this next gen stuff I haven't even
hopped in a private match yet like I
just I really want to see the graphics I
want to see how the game plays it looks
like we can play some some TDM on octane
here so we started up we created our
first soldier we don't have any squad
points or anything to unlock stuff but I
chose the covert ops option
I edited up our options we have tactical
and all of our sensitivities and stuff
ready to go but but yeah we're playing
for the first time this is the first
time I played cold video on PlayStation
2 wise guys know I was usually playing
on Xbox in the previous chin I'm
completely open to playing on anything
you know either xbox or ps3 on which
one's better so we'll figure it out I'm
missing a control-freak
still waiting on the new control freaks
for the ps4 controllers and the Xbox one
controllers so a little bit of a
disadvantage there but got a feeling we
can do pretty well yeah I'm just I'm
very excited want to see how good this
game looks I'm hoping it I'm hoping it's
above and beyond what we're expecting
here alright mmm looks like we're gonna
be one of the the last people into the
game here we do have a pretty bad
connection okay so the actual the the
the freaking touchpad big button in the
middle the controller is actually what
brings up your whatever it's called
which is pretty cool
how do we want to mute people mute
players need all but friends there we go
alright wow this game looks good the
colors are a lot more vibrant and the
shadows
like the textures and stuff no nope
where do you go
alright assist I'll take it no you don't
Point Blank give me that sack calm baby
after three kill streak all right we're
gonna kill Erick yeah I'll kill with an
on kill streak explosive ah how did that
not kill oh my god shouldn't done that
that was new move man this controller
just feels so crazy it's not not in a
bad way but I just I'm not used to not
used to playing with it you know I can't
even put my finger on what looks so
different in this game we're gonna have
to do like a side-by-side comparison
video or something
alright six and one good start gotcha
let's go hop up top
breach this bad boy so it pretty much
all plays the exact same as um as xbox
and ps3 as you would expect
oops it's a good guy I mean that guard
puppy alright got lots guys coming we
don't want to camp up here too long man
I'm just excited to see some of the
other maps that have a little bit more
color like this is more of a desert eat
it-- map so i don't think it's gonna
have the most color in the world but it
still looks really just the reds or
deeper the blues or deeper it's just
like they took it and they I don't know
had a better color palette they didn't
use the brown crayon box which I mean I
thought the game already looked pretty
good on current gen consoles but this
just this just poops on it like look at
the the neon pink lights and stuff that
looks good I won't put any any color
correction on this video so you guys can
see what it looks like typically I'll
use color correction to make my videos
look a little bit better so keep that in
mind
actually let's um let's just do this now
we're gonna put color correction on it
let's see what it looks like let me know
what you guys think I'm gonna put the
exact same color correction I used to
use on on Xbox 360 and ps3 so let me
know what you guys like better whatever
you like better is what we use in future
videos
whoa get turned on baby it's weird using
the the r2 and l2 is aim down sight and
stuff I don't know it just feels
different this controller just feels
really different which again is to be
expected this is the first time I'm
truly like I used it a couple of events
but for the most part this is my first
time
where the heck are these guys got him
down here maybe nope
damn it get him Riley martyred dog baby
PS Martin just turned a squad point I
almost got the double there it is
first game have called the two ghosts on
the ps3 19 and 3 octane TDM there you
guys I think we've got some good things
to come here I'm excited I think that
Matt I don't know I think it looks a lot
better I'm excited to see the other maps
just you the colors are so much more
vibrant the the textures look better and
then also just the shading and the
shadowing and stuff just what they've
done with that all looks a lot better so
do I hope you guys enjoyed the video I'm
gonna have more ghost videos coming
later today and for the rest of the year
until the next go of the d games makes
you guys keep checking back I'm always
gonna have a bunch of other ps4 videos
coming up today some battlefield some
Killzone all kinds of stuff so make sure
you guys keep checking back thanks for
watching catch y'all later peace out
[Music]